Docsite template: make it ready-to-use, part 1 (#8)
ansible-community/project-template: docs/installing.md

# Installation

Welcome to the PROJECTNAME Installation Guide!

> If your project is not going to have a docsite (for example, if it is very simple to use), the following information should be present in your project README as in the [README template](https://github.com/ansible-community/project-template/blob/main/README.md).

> > Describe possible installation options for popular platforms in corresponding sections here when relevant. Add relevant and remove irrelevant sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Describe possible installation options for popular platforms in corresponding sections when relevant. Add relevant and remove irrelevant sections as required.
```

## Communication

Need help or want to share feedback? See the [Community guide](community_guide.md)!

## Install with pip

> ## Install with distribution package manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install with a distribution package manager
```

Reviewer 2: No sure we want to recommend this. As it is, we have trouble keeping the distro instructions correct in Ansible docs.
